Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission
to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger and brings us
closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension
Controllers to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
Finally... there it is.
Alpha City, New Vestroia!
Here we come!
Okay...
Follow me.
This duct goes underground and comes up inside the city.
This way we can sneak into the city undetected.
[effort sigh]
How did you find this, Shun?
I've been casing the area for a couple of days.
Nice work, Man.
Great to have you on the team.
Let's go!
[\u266a]
Wow! That's seriously awesome ninja action...
Now it's my turn...
[various \"martial arts shouts\"]
I don't think he has the ninja thing down quite yet.
Uh, don't you think we should follow them?
Yeah!
This rocks!
[\u266a]
I can't pass up this chance to talk to my father.
But I'll have to give them the slip to do that.
You... you seem troubled, Mira.
I'm fine.
Well, I'm right beside you.
Thanks a lot.
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Cyber Nightmare\"!
[effort]
Man, I never thought we'd get here.
[frightened yell]...
What the?
oh no!
Battle of the Bakugan!
Many will compete but only one will rise victorious!
[awed gasp]
You won't want to miss a minute of the action.
See you there, Brawlers!
[frightened yell] [frightened yell]...
[frightened yell]
[panting]
Whoa! Looks like we got here in the middle of rush hour.
How about a little warning next time...
Shun.
Sorry, dude...
Check it out.
Wow... Awesome.
This is where I used to live.
My father still works here.
It's not what I was expecting.
I know what you mean, Dan.
I thought a city full of Vestals would look more
evil-like, you know?
Yeah, but everyone looks like us.
It doesn't make sense...
How come they don't understand about the Bakugan?
Battle of the Bakugan!
The world's top brawlers in the ultimate smackdown!
Cool! Can't wait!
It's gonna be the best...
But no one can take on Spectra.
No way!
My brother's gonna crush them all.
Whoa! He's a brawler?
Yeah, he's gonna win for sure, this time.
And then he'll become a member of the Vexos!
Sweet...
When I grow up I want to join the Vexos too.
I want to be just like Spectra.
I'm gonna be just like Shadow!
I guess...
the Vexos are their heroes.
It's weird...
I don't want to blame them for getting excited.
But everyone needs to learn the truth.
Bakugan are intelligent beings who deserve to be free.
Remember. It's not their fault...
I was the same until I found out.
[extreme pain scream]
Oh darn! I lost again.
[indulgent chuckle]
You're just not following through, Mira.
You corner your opponent but for some reason you lose
focus on the final attack.
Well... I just want to beat my big brother...
So there!
Just chill.
You're learning fast, Short Stuff!
[good natured giggle]
[good natured chuckle]
Oh Keith...
This is whacked.
We've got to make them understand...
Bakugan are alive, feel pain and should be set free!
That's right...
We'll tell the Vestals the whole truth and then they'll see...
Good plan, Elfin?
Sure, sure.
But maybe just to be on the safe side,
we should destroy the Controller first.
Yeah.... Yeah...
I'm with her.
Where is the Controller?
Over there.
The dome in the center of the city is the Battle Arena
where all the Bakugan tournaments take place.
And that tower on the top is the Dimension Controller.
What are we waiting for?
Let's get to work...
Come on, Shun.
Hold on...
I want to check out the Controller first guys.
Have you lost it?
That Controller has got to be destroyed right now.
Just give me a minute...
I want to try something.
You should give Shun a chance, Dan...
After all, he got us into the city, didn't he?
Whatever...
Let's just get going!
No! I can't join you.
There's something I have to take care of... alone.
What the...
Mira! Stop!
Weird.
It was foolish to think he'd be here.
Mira. You're back.
You're still doing homework?
Mira... Check this out.
What is it?
Another lame video?
Or a secret love note?
Here.
Hey thanks ... sis.
Everything is just the way he left it.
There must be some clue here.
Something to tell me where he's gone.
I know...
if I just keep looking...
It's just... I feel like something is wrong.
I hope he's out there fighting to free the Bakugan like me.
What do you think, Wilda?
Does that make any sense to you?
Well...
I...
Wilda?
Who's there?
Mira...
You've come back.
Father!
Well I'm glad...
you have come to your senses.
Never!
If it means enslaving the Bakugan!
No need to get so upset, Mira.... Why can't you just
enjoy your good life?
No way...
That life depends upon the misery of others.
...Enough.
Father, where is Keith?
Tell me! You know something...
don't you?
Mira, your brother... He is no more.
Please take my advice...
And just forget that you ever knew him...
Monster... How could you?
[phone ringing]
Yes?
I'm on my way.
Hold it!
Are you saying something happened?
Tell me!
Pull yourself together!
Mira...
This is all that I have to say on the matter.
If you know what's good for you...
you will clean up and learn to behave ... Lock up when
you leave.
Father...
Come back! I swear I'll find the truth...
We'll be back in a flash. Right, Mira?
Right!
Let the Brawling... begin!
You're sure the Trans System has reached the projected numbers?
Yes sir.
... See? Checks out.
Excellent work.
We'll begin the experiment... immediately.
BOTH: Yes sir!
THINKING: What are you up to this time, Father?
Now where'd they go?
[high-pitched, sonic squeal]
[surprised gasp]
W-What is that thing?
Trans System active...
energy level steady at 2500.
[angry squeal/roar]
Raise it to 3000.
What? All at once?
There are strict guidelines.
We're on the threshold of something great...
Increase power!
Yes sir! Increasing power.
[pained moan/squeal]
[\u266a]
[thrilled, slightly maniacal laugh]
It worked! We did it!
The power of a Bakugan...
In a cybernetic body...
We've created a new Bakugan!
It can't be...
Vestals creating Bakugan?
But why, Father? Why?
DAN: Man, security here is tighter than Shun's jeans.
We won't even get close with all those guards around.
Wait! Look over there, Master Dan!
Huh?
It looks like they're doing a mock battle
before the tournament starts.
Where? Where?
Ah! There they are!
[bird cry]
You see that?
Just what I thought.
The Battle Arena and the Dimension Controller
seem to be synchronized.
Synchronized?
So this is what you wanted to check out, Shun?
Yeah...
We'll take advantage of that link to destroy
the Dimension Controller.
Let's get out of here first and then I'll explain.
Maybe we should wait until Mira gets back.
I can't believe she ditched us like that...
Mira! Yo Mira!
Come in.
Dan...
Please keep it down.
Keep it down?
We've got Bakugan to save...
Remember?
Things are a lot worse than you think...
Get here fast.
What? Are you all right?
Just tell us where you are!
Scored us a ride!
Come on!
Follow our friend's signal and hurry!
Welcome to Happy Cab!
We're kind of in a hurry...
So step on it.... Is there a \"Go\" button around here?
Oboy!
Fasten your seatbelts, that's the rocket boost!
Woo hoo!
I feel the need for speed!
I can't believe it...
This is like a nightmare...
[recoil from sudden glare]
[cocky/mocking laugh]
...Lync!
You thought you were so smart coming here... Mira.
Your father's a genius, you know...
But it's too bad for you that you didn't inherit his brain...
We've been following you ever since you went home
and you never even noticed.
Amateur...
Dumb moves like that
are why your little crusade is doomed ...
But I'll help you out.
You'd like to see what your father's been up to here,
wouldn't you Mira?
Well take a good, long look.
Good news; a new day is dawning for the Vexos...
And I'm gonna show you why.
[beeping]
VOICE: Powering up Bakugan Battle System...
Begin Simulation.
Power Levels Rising.
Code name Altair is now online.
Begin Bakugan Battle.
BOTH: Gauntlet...
Power.. Strike!
[cocky laugh]
Huh? What the?
Thank you for riding Happy Cab...
Happy Cab.. Happy Cab...
[woozy/stretching] Dizzy...
Oh man...
Guys! You're here!
[dismissive laugh] Just in time...
Now you can lose in front of an audience, Mira.
Lync! You again!
Oh, I'm full of surprises...
Gate Card open!
Check this...
Bakugan Brawl! Bakugan Stand!
Go Ventus Altair!
What is that thing?
I've never seen anything like it.
It's a cybernetic Bakugan...
MIRA: Unfortunately, my father ...created it.
[threatening squeal]
No way...
Your Dad made his own...
ALL: ...Bakugan?
Oh don't act so surprised...
Vestal science can do anything...
And Altair is living proof!
[battle squeal/roar]
Dream on!
There's no way that thing can get past a real Bakugan!
Ready Drago?
You bet!
Wait Dan!
This is my mess to clean up.
But Mira...
That's an order, Dan...
I have to do this.
Maybe she's right Dan.
It's her father who did this.
Keep it in the family, right?
Understand?
Well...
Okay then...
He's yours...
Just be careful. Okay?
I need you Wilda...
Let's end this now...
Never fear Mira...
I'm here for you always.
Thank you...
Okay Lync...
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand! Come on Wilda!
[ready for battle roar]
Oooh yeah!
[defiant squeal/roar]
GAUNTLET: Calculating Power Levels.
Now... we'll see...
What my cybernetic beauty can do.
Ability Activate!
Spinal Saucer!
GAUNTLET: Altair Power Level 700.
Ability Activate!
Gun Lock!
[battle growl]
GAUNTLET: Wilda Power Level 650.
[excruciating pain]
Oh no, Wilda!
That thing is powerful!
[laughs]
We're not down yet...
Ability Activate!
Vulcano Hammer!
What?
[battle attack roar]
[excruciating pain]
No! Altair's Power Level dropped by 200 points
and Wilda's gained 200 points!
Altair is vulnerable.
Well, don't just stand there... Take down notes.
Yes.
So... still got some fight?
That's 'cause you don't know when you're beaten!
Double Ability Activate!
Mega Shield plus...
Thunder Fire!
DAN: Watch out!
Altair's sapping Wilda's power!
Bakugan Trap...
I need you...
Subterra Baliton!
DAN: He's blocking Altair's attack with his horns.
Way to go, Baliton!
Doesn't matter...
We're not done yet...
Something's wrong!
Altair!
Its energy endurance is failing.
The booster system can't handle it...
Double Ability drains too much power.
It's causing an energy feedback to three systems.
You, increase server capacity...
Raise it thirty percent!
Raising levels.
MIRA: Anyone know what's going on?
No... but we should hit him now.
He's right. Time to pull Altair's plug!
Baron's right, Mira!
Do it!
Ability Activate...
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set
Now... Apollon Head, go!
Let's show this fake what a real Bakugan Trap can do!
[frustrated, pained squeal/feedback]
MARUCHO: Baliton's got him now!
Okay, you've had your fun.
Time for...
...Another Double ability!
Another Double ability?
That kid is wild!
Professor!
No. This will yield important data Do it, Lync!
Destroy them both!
MIRA: Father?
Spinal Saucer...
Plus thunder Fire!
Look at that Power Level!
Incredible!
[\u266a]
Snap! This looks bad!
Mira... Get down!
Wilda!
Too late!
Shock 'em Altair!
[extreme pain squeal/roar]
[\u266a]
Hey! What the..!
[defeated squeal/roar]
The Booster system overloaded.
Everything's shutting down.
That's it then...
Shut down all systems immediately.
Done Sir.
That's it?
It turned back into ball form.
[sigh] Oh well...
Big deal...
It's just another broken Bakugan...
You got lucky.
You don't even care?
Why?
Soon Professor Clay will perfect it.
[gasp]
So don't sweat it.
I'll finish this off the next time we get together.
See ya later, los-e-nator!
DAN: Take your broken toy and go home!
[gasp]
MIRA: Father!
What's wrong with you?
THINKING: How could you care more about a Cyber Bakugan
than your own daughter?
Professor, here is the data from the battle.
[appraising grunt]
THINKING: Once I make the modifications on Altair,
based on this data, he will be the most powerful
Bakugan in the universe!
[evil chuckle to laugh]
Hey, this is Ace.
You know that Shun?
Well, I don't like him.
Too quiet for my taste.
But now, in order to destroy the Dimension Controller,
I have to team up with him for the Bakugan Battle Tournament.
But when things get nuts, I don't know who to battle;
the opposing team or this Ninja-wannabe who's supposed
to my brawling partner?
Get a front row seat, next time
on Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
See you there, Brawlers!